Update Java Agent Config Docs (#20195)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/java-agent/configuration/java-agent-configuration-config-file.mdx

  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

  #### Log labels (tags) [#log-labels]

>   The Java agent supports adding custom labels (tags) to agent-forwarded logs. The labels to be added will be pulled from the [labels](#labels) section at the top-level of the agent config. This feature can be enabled in the `labels` section, nested under the `forwarding` section. These settings can be overridden by the `newrelic.config.application_logging.forwarding.labels` prefixed system property. Options available are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Java agent supports adding custom labels (tags) to agent-forwarded logs. Labels are sourced from the [labels](#labels) section at the top level of the agent configuration. This feature can be enabled within the `labels` section, nested under the `forwarding` section. You can override these settings using the `newrelic.config.application_logging.forwarding.labels` prefixed system property. Available options include:
```
